I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.
A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another.
Who knoweth not in all these that the hand of the LORD hath wrought this?
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease.
All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished: but he that gathereth by labour shall increase.
And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
Trust in the LORD with all thine heart; and lean not unto thine own understanding.
And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed away.
Truly my soul waiteth upon God: from him cometh my salvation. He only is my rock and my salvation; he is my defence; I shall not be greatly moved.
And he said unto me, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me.
Train up a child in the way he should go: and when he is old, he will not depart from it.
And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven: A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;
And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
Thy faithfulness is unto all generations: thou hast established the earth, and it abideth.
And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity.